another example but with animation added (#1435)
simolus3/moor: docs/pages/docs/Examples/index.md

written with moor. [Rody Davis](https://github.com/rodydavis) has built a cleaner version of the example that works on all
Flutter platforms - including Web and Desktop! You can check it out [here](https://github.com/rodydavis/moor_shared).

> 
> and we also have another [example with animation](https://github.com/abdelrahmanelmarakby/todo_with_moor_and_animation) 

Reviewer: Thanks! Let's just make this a full sentence and give you some credit :relaxed: 

```suggestion
[Abdelrahman Mostafa Elmarakby](https://github.com/abdelrahmanelmarakby) wrote an animated version of the todo app available [here](https://github.com/abdelrahmanelmarakby/todo_with_moor_and_animation) .
```
